What are the lectures that will take place on Saturday at 9 pm?
Which lectures will be given on Saturday 9?
Which talks are scheduled to take place on Saturday at 9 pm?
What are the speakers scheduled to speak at 9 p.m. on Saturday?
The lecture series that starts at 9 pm on Saturdays includes the following lectures.
There will be specific lectures scheduled for Saturday at 9 pm.
Which lectures will be given on Saturday 9?'.
If Saturday is 9 pm, which lectures are being delivered?
On Saturday, which lectures are scheduled for 9:00 PM?
Those lectures will take place at 9 pm on Saturdays.
Are there any particular talks that will take place on Saturday at 9 am?
What is there to be talked about during the 9th Saturday's event?
There will be specific lectures scheduled for Saturday at 9 pm. Which ones?
Which talks are scheduled to take place on Saturday at 9 pm? (Please note:
Which lectures will be given on Saturday 9?'..
Saturday 9th is the time for which lectures will be given.
At what time do the lectures on Saturdays start at 9 PM?
which courses take place at 9 in the afternoon, on saturday, are?
Where can I find all the lectures that will be held on Saturday 9:00 am?
Which lectures will be given on Saturday 9?'.. Home
There will be specific lectures scheduled for Saturday at 9 pm. Which ones?'
Please find out which courses are included in the scheduled lectures for Saturday at 9 pm.
On Saturday, which lectures are scheduled for 9:00 PM? What are they?"
List the lectures that are scheduled to occur at 9 am on Saturdays.
Only 9pm on Saturday. What lecturers are there?
On Saturday, which lectures are scheduled for 9:00 PM? What are they?".
Select the courses that will commence at 9 o'clock on Saturday.
At what time of day do the lectures come out?
Whose lectures will be delivered on Saturday at 9 am?
You can find out what speakers are scheduled to speak starting from 9 pm on Saturdays.
In which classes are speakers expected to deliver their presentations on Saturday at 9 PM?
Which lectures will be given on Saturday 9?'.. Home ."
Which academic programs will take place on a Saturday (9th) day?
Do tellers available on Saturdays from 8 to 11:59 PM
List the lectures that are scheduled to occur at 9 am on Saturdays..
what all of these Saturday 9:15 classes are scheduled to deliver.
Pick and choose the presentations that will be given starting from 9 on Saturdays.
Sunday morning's classes start at 9.
Select the courses that will commence at 9 o'clock on Saturday.*
There will be certain lectures on Saturdays that take place at 9.
Do tellers available on Saturdays from 8 to 11
Sunday morning's classes start at 9. What lectures are included in these schedule plans?
Pick and choose the presentations that will be given starting from 9 on Saturdays.'"
List the lectures that are scheduled to occur at 9 am on Saturdays.. 1.
Whose lectures will be delivered on Saturday at 9 am?...
Whose lectures will be delivered on Saturday at 9 am? 
All of the Saturday's classes begin at 9. What are they called?"
All of the Saturday's classes begin at 9.
Determine which educational programs will take place after noon on Saturday and start at 9 PM.
Select the courses that will commence at 9 o'clock on Saturday.* *
Which lectures are there at 9 on Saturday

What are the lectures that will take place on Saturday at noon?
Which lectures are scheduled to take place on Saturday at noon?
There will be specific lectures scheduled for Saturday at noon.
At 12 on Saturday, which lectures are scheduled to take place?
The following lectures are scheduled for Saturday at noon.
Are there any particular talks that will take place on Saturday at noon?
Which lectures are scheduled to take place on Saturday at noon? 12
Saturday's 12th hour includes which lectures?
Which talks will take place on Saturday at 12:.
Which lectures are scheduled to take place on Saturday at noon? 12 EST.
On Saturday, which lectures are scheduled for 12 am?
Are there any particular talks that will take place on Saturday at noon? (12pm)
The following lectures are scheduled for Saturday at noon. 12:00
There will be specific lectures scheduled for Saturday at noon. 12:00
Those are the lecture series that will be presented on Saturday at noon.
What are the talks that have been scheduled for 12 on Saturdays?
These lectures take place at noon on Saturday and end by midnight on.
On Saturday, which lectures are scheduled for 12 am? (Please see details)
The following lectures are scheduled for Saturday at noon. 12:00 CST?
There will be specific lectures scheduled for Saturday at noon. 12:00 PM
We can find out which lectures are taking place in the 12th on Saturday.
which courses there are going to be given in the 12th on Saturday?
At what time on Saturdays do lectures run, specifically at 12 pm?
The specific talks that will be held on Saturday at noon are listed below.
Which talks will take place on Saturday at 12:. Sunday
In which classes will take place at noon on Saturday and 12.
Do you know what all these Lectures are? They're scheduled for Saturday 12
Only on Saturday at noon and by 2:00, which lectures will be given?
List the presentations taking place on a 12-hour period on Saturday.
The specific talks that will be held on Saturday at noon are listed below. 12
Specific presentations will be given during the 12th session of Saturday.
Do you know what all these Lectures are?
What are all of the lectures?
Where we have these lecturers coming down to 12:00 in the afternoon on Saturday?
Will reveal which lectures are being delivered by 12:00 EDT on Saturday".
The specific talks that will be held on Saturday at noon are listed below. 12pm
If there is one, what are the talks scheduled for Saturday at 12?
Any particular discussions held on Saturday at noon?
Which public lectures will be given on Saturday at 12:15 pm?
List the presentations taking place on a 12-hour period on Saturday.1215?
List the presentations taking place on a 12-hour period on Saturday.12
Specific presentations will be given during the 12th session of Saturday.12 Hours
A sequence of presentations is available starting from noon every Saturday.
Specific presentations will be given during the 12th session of Saturday.12
List the presentations taking place on a 12-hour period on Saturday.1215
Any particular discussions held on Saturday at noon? (12)
If there is one, what are the talks scheduled for Saturday at 12?(
Find out what speakers appear in the 12th hour of Friday.
Any particular discussions held on Saturday at noon? (12):15 AM ET
Any particular discussions held on Saturday at noon? (12):
Which lectures are there at 12 on Saturday

What are the lectures that will take place on Saturday at 12:15?
Which lectures are scheduled for Saturday at 12:00 pm?
Can you provide a list of the lectures that will take place on Saturday at 12 pm?
The specific lectures that will take place on Saturday at 12:15 are in question.
There will be specific talks scheduled for Saturday at 12:15.
What are the lectures that will take place on Saturday at 12:15?.
Saturday's 12th-hour lectures are scheduled to happen in order of length.
Which lectures are scheduled for Saturday at 12:00 pm? (No time set)
Are there any particular lectures that will be held on a Saturday at 12 pm?
Which talks will be given on Saturday at 12?
On Saturday, what are the lectures that will take place at 12 pm?
Sunday at 12:00 PM is up for grabs with which lectures are coming?
What are the lectures that will take place on Saturday at 12:15?.*
What are the speakers scheduled to give at noon on Saturday?
When do they start? (The lecture is) On Saturday, 12
Who has what to talk about on a Saturday afternoon at noon?
There will be specific talks scheduled for Saturday at 12:15.'
Which educational programs will take place on Saturday at noon?
At 12 noon on Saturday, which lectures are being conducted?
What is on Saturday at 12:45 p.m?
Who has what to talk about on a Saturday afternoon at noon? (12:30
Who has what to talk about on a Saturday afternoon at noon? (12:30 am)
Where can I find the lectures that are scheduled for 12 pm on Saturday?
Which educational programs will take place on Saturday at noon? (12h) EDT
Saturday's 12 noon classes include which ones to be given.
on any Saturday at 12. Which are some of the lectures that take place there?
These upcoming talks on Saturday 12:15 am and are scheduled for 12.
Which educational programs will take place on Saturday at noon? (12h)
There will be certain classes at noon on Saturday, but which ones will take place at midnight?
Will reveal which courses are being delivered by speakers in time for the 12th of September?
Thursday to Friday morning and evening classes.
This weekend (12th): What speakers.
which courses there are going to be held on Saturday, til 12?
At 12 noon on Saturday, which lectures are being conducted? That is all right now.
On Saturday at noon, which lecturers can be attended until midnight?
These upcoming talks on Saturday 12:15
This weekend (12th): What speakers. Which ones will be there?
on any Saturday at 12.
List the lectures that will be given on Saturday at noon.
These upcoming talks on Saturday 12
Can anyone tell me which lectures are planned to occur during the 12th weekend?
which courses there are going to be held on Saturday, til 12? (
Do you know which courses will be delivered by speakers on Saturday at noon or 12 pm?
Any of these or any other talks would be there from time 12.
This weekend (12th): What speakers. Which ones will be there? *
How many presentations will be given on Saturday afternoons at 12:00?
Can anyone tell me which lectures are planned to occur during the 12th weekend? (12)
List the lectures that will be given on Saturday at noon.12 o'clock
List the lectures that will be given on Saturday at noon.12
what all of these lecture is available in the time slot on Saturday from 12 on.
Which lectures are there on Saturday at 12

What are the lectures that will be aired on Saturday at 9 am?
On Saturday, what are the lectures that will take place at 9 am?
Which lectures will be given on Saturday at 9 am?
The specific lectures that will take place on Saturday at 9 am.
On Saturdays, what are the speakers who will be presenting at 9 am?
Saturday's 9th-hour classes are scheduled to cover a variety of topics.
What are the speakers scheduled to give lectures on Saturday at 9 am?
Which lectures will be given on Saturday at 9 am? (Please see details below)
There will be specific lectures scheduled for Saturday at 9 pm.
Friday through Sunday at 9 pm EST. Which lectures are scheduled for Saturday morning?
Friday through Sunday at 9 pm EST.
At 9 am on Saturday, which lectures are being conducted?
Can you tell me which lectures are scheduled for Saturday at 9 pm?
These upcoming Saturday at 9 am, they are the lectures that one will be attending."
Which talks are scheduled to be held on Saturday 9 am?
Friday through Sunday at 9 pm EST. Which lectures are scheduled for Saturday morning? C
When do they start? (Lessons) On Saturday, at 9 pm.
When do they start? (Lessons) On Saturday, at 9
There will be specific lectures scheduled for Saturday at 9 pm.?
The following lectures are scheduled for Saturday 9 am.
which courses are being delivered at 9 am Safti Saturday?
The following lectures are scheduled for Saturday 9 am. Please see table 1.
In which classes will be sat on Fri, 10 am to Sat 9am?
There will be specific lectures scheduled for Saturday at 9 pm.?(
Which public speaking events will take place at 9 pm EDT on Saturdays?
which courses are being delivered at 9 am Safti Saturday?'.
on any Saturday morning (9am) there were lectures).
All lectures to be held Saturday at 9:15 (EDT)
All lectures to be held Saturday at 9:15
Where can I find the lectures that are scheduled for Saturday, specifically on 9 am?
Find out which talks take place on Saturday at 9 AM.
Saturday's 9 am and noon time, what are the lectures that follow?
What is scheduled for the lecture series on Saturday at 9 pm?
on any Saturday morning (9am) there were lectures).What is the list.
We have a lineup of talks scheduled for Friday and Sunday mornings starting at 9.
All lectures to be held Saturday at 9
which courses are being delivered at 9 am Safti Saturday?'. ).
Whose lectures are being given in the morning on Saturday 9 AM?
List the lecture series that will take place on Saturdays at 9:00.
Thursday: What are all of the Friday's lectures scheduled for Saturday at 9
Where can I find the lectures that are scheduled for Saturday, specifically on 9 am? Request
Saturday's 9 am and noon time, what are the lectures that follow? *
What is scheduled for the lecture series on Saturday at 9 pm?...
Find out which talks take place on Saturday at 9 AM. M
Pick and learn from which talks will be given on Saturdays starting at 9:00 PM.
Pick and learn from which talks will be given on Saturdays starting at 9:00
Select the courses that will be presented on Saturdays at 9:15.
Determine which talks will take place on Saturday morning at 9:15.
Select the courses that will be presented on Saturdays at 9:15.'
Select the courses that will be presented on Saturdays at 9:15.'"
Which lectures are there on Saturday at 9
