What are the lectures that will take place on Monday at 9 am?
Which lectures are being delivered on Monday at 9 am?
At what time on Mondays at 9 pm are the lectures?
Can you provide a list of the lectures that are scheduled for Monday at 9 am?
Monday at 9 am contains which lectures?
At what time on Mondays at 9 pm are the lectures? That is all.
On Monday, which lectures are scheduled for 9 pm ET?
There will be specific lectures held on Monday at 9 am.
Which lectures are being delivered on Monday at 9 am? (Please see details for details)
On Monday, which lectures are scheduled for 9 pm ET? Please refer to the list.
What are the lecture series that will take place on Monday at 9 am?
Are there any particular classes that are scheduled for the following Monday at 9 am?
In which classes will take place from 9 am to 5 pm on a Monday?
Where can I find all the talks that are going to be given on Monday at 9 am?
Monday at 9 am contains which lectures? That is all or none of them?
Which lectures are being delivered on Monday at 9 am? (Please see details for details).
Which courses will be presented on a Monday at 9 pm?
There will be specific lectures held on Monday at 9 am. The following are those lectures?
Could anyone tell me which lectures I can expect to hear on Monday at 9 am?
Identify which courses will be delivered on Monday, specifically at 9 pm.
Monday at 9 am contains which lectures? That is all or none of them?’.
There will be specific lectures held on Monday at 9 am. The
These classes begin at 9 pm on Mondays.
Saturday and Sunday mornings see nine speakers present each.
List the lectures that are scheduled to be given on Mondays at 9 pm.
These classes begin at 9 pm on Mondays. What are the lectures for that day?
Could anyone tell me which lectures I can expect to hear on Monday at 9 am? [12]
The following lectures are available every Monday at 9. What is the lineup like?
We have a schedule of lectures that starts at 9 am on Mondays.
Whose lectures occur at 9 am on monday mornings?
Only 9 PM is when the classes begin, which includes any lectures from last week's speakers.
Every other Monday, there are some lectures that start at 9 pm.
The following lectures are available every Monday at 9.
Wednesday through Thursday, with classes starting at 7 PM and continuing until 8 AM respectively.
If it is a monday, which lectures will take place at 9, what are they?
Each week on Monday, there is a series of lectures starting at 9.
Monday at 9 pm: What lecturers will be there?
Saturday and Sunday mornings see nine speakers present each. Which lectures have these namesakes?
The lecture series that starts at 9:00 pm is scheduled for Monday.
Whose lectures occur at 9 am on monday mornings? Request specific names
Lections: What ones there are in Monday, TueSat 09 9,TU 9.
If it is a monday, which lectures will take place at 9, what are they?'
On a Monday, what are the lectures that start at 9:00 PM ET and last for now?
Whose lectures occur at 9 am on monday mornings? Request
Lections: What ones there are in Monday, TueSat 09 9,TU 9. O
What types of talks are available for attendance at 9 pm on Mondays?
What types of talks are available for attendance at 9 pm on Mondays?...[/l]
Select from the classes that begin promptly with a 9,00 AM start time on Mondays.
Mon, there are some talks which start promptly at 9:00 PM in the Monday schedule.
There will be certain lecture series available starting from 9:00 on a typical Monday afternoon.
Which lectures are there at 9 on Monday

What are the lectures that will take place on Monday at 9 am?
Which lectures are scheduled to take place on Monday at 9 am?
On Monday, which lectures are scheduled for 9 am and what topics will be covered?
At what time on Monday, at 9 pm, which lectures are being delivered?
What are the lectures that will take place on Monday at 9 am? (Please see details below)
Monday at 9 am, which lectures are being given?
When do they start? (Lessons) At what time of the day is Monday at 9
What are the upcoming lectures on Monday at 9 am?
The following lectures are scheduled for Monday at 9 pm.
Can you tell me which lectures are scheduled for Monday at 9 a.m.?
Identify which talks will be given on the following Monday at 9 pm?
There will be specific lectures that are set to take place on Monday at 9 am.
What are the upcoming lectures on Monday at 9 am? (No time slot)
Monday at 9 am, which lectures are being given? (Please see details below for more information).
On Monday at 9 pm, which lectures are being delivered?
If it is Monday at 9 am which lectures are being given:
Could anyone inform you of what classes will be held on Monday at 9 am?
On Monday at 9 pm, which lectures are being delivered? That is all.
Identify which talks will be given on the following Monday at 9 pm? (Please note
If it is Monday at 9 am which lectures are being given: a) What?
Which courses will be presented on a Monday at 9 pm?
For example, what are all the lectures that will be held on a Monday at 9 am?
Are there any particular talks scheduled for Monday at 9 o'clock?
Thursday: What are the lecture series taking place on a regular Monday at 9 pm ET?
How many talks can we expect to hear on a Monday morning, specifically at 9 pm?
On Monday at 9 pm, which lectures are being delivered? That is all._
what lecturers take place at 9 pm, Monday.
If it is Monday at 9 am which lectures are being given: a) What? B
On Monday at 9 pm, which lectures are being delivered? That is all._
We have a lecture each for the week of monday, when at 9 am.
Who is scheduled to deliver the lectures starting from 9 pm on Monday? What's going on?
Who is scheduled to deliver the lectures starting from 9 pm on Monday?
All classes to be given on Monday 9, which are the ones that follow?"
Sunday 9th, what other lecture is scheduled for that afternoon?
List the lectures that are being held on a Monday at 9 am.
which talks take place on monday, exactly from 9.10am to tk.e:
Where can I find the upcoming talks on Monday, specifically at 9 pm ET?
The speakers who speak on Monday, specifically at 9, are not known.
which talks take place on monday, exactly from 9.
All classes to be given on Monday 9, which are the ones that follow?">
(No) lecture for Monday, Mon 09 13 17 18 19 23 26 29 27
(No) lecture for Monday, Mon 09 13 17 18 19 23 26 29
All classes to be given on Monday 9, which are the ones that follow?">>
All classes to be given on Monday 9, which are the ones that follow?">>
(No) lecture for Monday, Mon 09 13 17 18 19
(No) lecture for Monday, Mon 09 13 17 18 19 23
In which classes will be available from 9 am to 5 pm on Mondays starting at 8pm?
(No) lecture for Monday, Mon 09 13 17
Please indicate which courses take place on a regular basis starting from 9:00 PM in the afternoon.
(No) lecture for Monday, Mon 09 13 17 18
Which lectures are there on Monday at 9
